update readme to document experimental v6 and v7 ids (#94)
gofrs/uuid: README.md

* Version 4, based on random numbers (RFC-4122)
* Version 5, based on SHA-1 hashing of a named value (RFC-4122)

This package also supports experimental Universally Unique Identifier implementations based on a
[draft RFC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-peabody-dispatch-new-uuid-format) that updates RFC-4122
* Version 6, a k-sortable id based on timestamp (draft-peabody-dispatch-new-uuid-format, RFC-4122)
* Version 7, a k-sortable id based on timestamp with variable precision  (draft-peabody-dispatch-new-uuid-format, RFC-4122)

The v6 and v7 IDs are **not** considered a part of the stable API, and may be subject to behavior or API changes as part of minor releases

> to this package. They will be updated as the draft RFC changes, and will become stable if and when the draft RFC is adopted into RFC-4122

Reviewer: > will become stable if and when the draft RFC is adopted into RFC-4122

I'm not sure it'll become part of 4122. It may be more accurate to say something like:

> will become stable if and when the draft RFC is accepted.

> to this package. They will be updated as the draft RFC changes, and will become stable if and when the draft RFC is adopted into RFC-4122

Author: ```suggestion
to this package. They will be updated as the draft RFC changes, and will become stable if and when the draft RFC is accepted.
```
